hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2014 film Captain America -
the Winter Soldier the second film in
the Captain America series so let's get
started
this summary does rely in part that
you've seen the previous film if you'd
like to see a summary check out the link
below as well as check out the other
summaries for the other Marvel films the
film takes place two years after the
events of the first Avengers film which
if you haven't seen check out my summary
Steve Rogers aka Captain America is
working for the government agency shield
under director Nick Fury Rogers and
agent Natasha Romanov aka Black Widow
are sent to save hostages aboard a
shield boat that has been taken over by
mercenaries Rogers discovers that
Romanoff has another job however to
extract data from the ship's computer
for fury Rogers confronts Fury later
about this where fury reveals a plan to
build three massive helicarrier's
equipped with advanced weaponry and spy
devices to try to preemptively destroy
any threat through a project known as
project insight fury however is unable
to decrypt the recovered data and become
suspicious of project insight Fury is
later ambushed by a group led by a
mysterious assassin known as the Winter
Soldier fury escapes and finds Rogers
telling him that Shield has been
compromised
after giving Rogers a flash drive
containing some data from the ship fury
is gunned down by the Winter Soldier
Fury later dies in surgery and Rogers is
called into the shield headquarters the
next day to try to find out what
information he was given when Rogers
refuses to give up the information
however he is hunted down by a group
known as strike Rogers meets up with
Romanoff and using the flash drive they
discover a secret shield bunker which
has a supercomputer containing the
preserved consciousness of dr. Zola one
of hydras leaders from the first film
dr. Zola reveals that Hydra has been
slowly infiltrating shield and
the world to give up their freedoms for
a sense of security
allowing Hydra to become more and more
powerful a missile is fired at the
bunker which Rogers and Romanoff
narrowly escaped and the two realized
that Alexander Pierce shield senior
official is also hydras leader Rogers in
Romanoff enlists the help of Sam Wilson
aka Falcon the three find out that dr.
Zola developed an algorithm to identify
who might become a future threat to
Hydra and we use the insight
helicarriers
and their massive weapon arsenal to
eliminate these threats the group is
ambushed by the winter soldier who
Rodgers realizes is actually Bucky
Barnes his friend from the first film
Barnes was captured and experimented on
after World War two and became the
Winter Soldier the three are brought to
a safe house where Nick Fury is having
faked his death for a plan to sabotage
the helicarriers by replacing their
computer chips during an important
meeting Rodgers broadcasts hydras secret
plans to everyone at the shield
headquarters Romanoff is able to disarm
Pierce and fury forces Pierce to unlock
the database so they can expose Hydra to
the public
eventually fury kills Pierce Rogers and
Wilson storm to helicarriers and replace
their control chips but the Winter
Soldier destroys Wilson's flight suit
and fights with Rogers aboard the third
carrier Rogers is able to put the new
controller into the final ship and
shield uses this to have the carriers
destroy each other
Rogers refuses to fight the Winter
Soldier in order to reach out to his
longtime friend the ship they are aboard
crashes into the shield headquarters in
Rogers is thrown into a river
unconscious the Winter Soldier rescues
Rogers and disappears into the woods
showing Rodgers did reach out to his old
friend Bucky Rogers and Wilson decide to
pursue the Winter Soldier as the film
ends while fury goes to find the
remaining Hydra cells in Eastern Europe
there are two additional scenes during
the credits the first shows Hydra leader
Baron Strucker finding an energy filled
scepter the one
we see Loki used during the Avengers
film as well as two prisoners one with
SuperSpeed and one with telekinetic
powers these two are siblings that we
see in the Avengers second film known as
Quicksilver and the Scarlet Witch who
are also magneto as children the second
scene shows the Winter Soldier at a
memorial for Bucky Barnes who the Winter
Soldier actually is at the Smithsonian
Institute so that was the spoilers for
Captain America to the Winter Soldier
if you have another film you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check us out on our
various forms of social media listed
below and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching